#summary Various questions and answers on installation, usage and theory.
#labels Phase-Support

==How should I configure Eclipse to best accomodate Lancelot?==
To use Lancelot effectively, users should change/ensure two things in Eclipse's preferences:
  * Set the severity level of `Unhandled token in '@SuppressWarnings'`, at *Compile* → *Errors/Warnings* → *Annotations*, to `Ignore`.
  * Enable `Add line number attributes to generated class file`, at *Preferences* → *Java* → *Compiler*.

===What are "regular", "string", "custom" and "own type" objects? ==
  * A *regular object* is an object that does not inherit from the type `java.lang.Throwable`.
  * A *string object* is an instance of the type `java.lang.String`.
  * A *custom object* is one that does not belong to either of the namespaces `java.*` and `javax.*`.
  * The attribute *creates own type objects* indicates that the method creates an instance of the class on which the method is deﬁned.
For more information on Lancelot's attribute set, please see the article discussing Lancelot's theory ([http://publications.nr.no/hoest_oestvold_ecoop2009.pdf PDF]).

==Why doesn't Lancelot complain about my tiny, but horribly named method?===
Lancelot excludes certain kinds of very small and/or very simple methods because of degeneracy. Among those are empty methods, methods that always return the same integer constants, and methods that always throw exceptions. Because of that, methods like
{{{
void isFruitful() throws Exception {
    throw new Exception():
}
}}}
won't be reported as buggy, even though we would expect Lancelot to complain
both about the non-`boolean` return type and the exception.

==Why do Lancelot complain about run-time type manipulation, when my code is cast-free?==
Usually, type erasure of generic types causes this (rather annoying) phenomenon. Lancelot only looks at JVM bytecode, and currently does not differentiate between explicit source-level casts and implicit casts generated during type erasure. For instance, since the call to `List.get` in
{{{
int foo(java.util.List<Integer> bar) {
    return bar.get(42);
}
}}}
results in the bytecode
{{{
3: invokeinterface (2 args) #2=<InterfaceMethod java.util.List.get (int)java.lang.Object>
8: checkcast #3=<Class java.lang.Integer>
}}}
Lancelot interpretes `foo` as a runtime type manipulator. Whether an attribute that triggers only on explicit, user-introduced, would be more interesting for the analysis, is a question open for discussion, but this behavior is the current state of affairs. 